no matter where you go in life people
are always going to try and bring you
down but it doesn't mean you can't get
back on your feet and be as tall as a
skyscraper this is the look I envisioned
after watching the music video you can
actually wear this every day it's very
natural look and it's fast and easy hope
you enjoy so first you want to groom
your eyebrows and as a brow gel i like
to use our dells brow and lash growth
accelerator if you like to wear a lot of
eye makeup your eyelashes need some TLC
to tender love and care using your
favorite eyeshadow primer you want to
apply that all over your lid and just
blend it in up to your brow bone now
taking a gold shimmering cream shadow
you want to apply that all over your lid
and simply blend it out with your
fingers for the eyeshadow all you will
need is for neutral colors using a
shading brush find the lightest beige
color you have and apply that to your
brow bone as a highlight
using the same brush apply the lightest
brown you have all over your lid matte
eyeshadow would work best just to
neutralize all the shimmer we got going
on
we just want a hint of gold like
peekaboo hmm using a medium ankle
shading brush apply a dark brown to the
outer corner and crease of your eye and
make sure you tap off the excess that
way we don't pack on too much color
don't worry it doesn't have to be
perfect now we're going to blend it out
using a blending brush or as I like to
call it my little fluffy friend start
blending out the outer corner and a
windshield wiping motion taking an
almost blush type colored pink Park that
on your blending brush and left that
right above your crease
using an eyeliner pencil any shade of
brown will do line your eyes as close to
your lashes as possible to create that
almost no eyeliner look if you're like
me and like your eyes to pop feel free
to make it a little thicker also apply
it right below your waterline and
connect it to the end of the top
eyeliner to create a winged out look
using the same dark brown you use for
your crease use that to set your
eyeliner instead of brushing on the
color try padding it will prevent the
eyeliner you just put on from getting
swept away feel free to brush on the
color right below your waterline because
the color doesn't have to be so apparent
using the same gold shadow stick you
applied on your lid apply that to the
other half of your bottom lash line
using the same light brown you applied
over the gold shadow on your lid use
that to set the gold color you just
applied
curl your lashes and apply your favorite
volumizing mascara in the music video
Demi most likely had false eyelashes to
accentuate her eyes since she wasn't
wearing too much color for her eye
makeup to brighten up your eyes and make
you look more awake apply white eyeliner
to your waterline with a jumbo pencil
like this I find that applying it on a
brush makes the application more easy
according to dub since our lips don't
have the capacity to produce as much
melanin which protects against
ultraviolet radiation our lip balm
should at least have an SPF of 15 and
lastly apply a sheer pink color all over
your lips and you're done I hope you
enjoyed and remember no matter where you
go in life they're always going to be
people who are going to try and bring
you down some people need a step on
others in order for them to feel good
like Demi said would it make you feel
better to watch me while I bleed just
stay strong and do you follow your
dreams and as long as you believe in
yourself as long as your patient work
hard and never give up till you make
that dream a reality you will make the
star shine and you will make the world
sing